--- 
layout: post
title: "22"
wordpress_id: 17
wordpress_url: http://www.sixfeetover.org/?p=15
---
Last Wednesday was my "golden" birthday, as they say - I turned 22 on the 22nd (of the 2nd month, no less).  Having never had a girlfiend and a birthday at the same time before, I was quite curious to see what Alice would do.  She made the day a ton of fun.  When I got to my 8AM class that morning, my teacher handed me a birthday card.  I thought "Wow, why is the math department giving me a birthday card?"  I took the card out of its envelope and saw a picture of two little kids hugging each other - now I was creeped out that the math dept. would give me a card like this!  Upon further inspection (that is, reading the inside), I realized it was from Alice, who had secretly slipped my prof the card to give to me the day before.  Then in my next class a couple hours later (with the same prof), he hands me another card.  I thought the original had just fallen out of my backpack, but no - it was a different card from Alice.  Well, I thought that was really thoughtful, but I wasn't expecting any more in the day because she personally knew this professor, but she didn't know my other profs.  I was wrong!  My programming teacher had a card in hand when my 1:00 class started, as did my French teacher, who <em>almost</em> got the class to sing to me in French.  So she managed to make going to classes on my birthday pretty special.
After all that, we went to the gym (to prepare for the food we'd be having later, of course).  My mom mailed me a giant whoopie pie, my favorite dessert.  After talking to both my parents and Alice's parents on the phone, and going to the gym, Alice took me out to Chilie's for dinner. Going out to eat is an amazing thing when you are used to school food, and my cajun steak was especially amazing there.

My Mom's birthday is the day after mine (somehow that keeps happening every year), so she and my sister came down on her birthday to go out for lunch and celebrate. We had a good time, although the treatment at the restaurant we went to (Not your average Joe's) was somewhat less than average. Oh well. In any case, it was an enjoyable couple of days.

Now, today is my last day of classes for the quad. I have one midterm left and 14 pages of work to hand in for linear algebra. After that, Alice and I are flying to her house in Minnesota for a week. I'm excited!
