--- 
layout: post
title: Update
wordpress_id: 19
wordpress_url: http://www.sixfeetover.org/?p=18
---
So, let's catch up.

Alice's visit was fantastic.  It was pretty amazing that timing worked out for her to stay here for a week.  I felt bad because there isn't that much stuff to do out here where I live, especially compared to where she lives, but we had fun, going to the North country in NH, visitng Jared, and some other things.

I ended up not going for the tech job for the hospital.  The pay wasn't what I thought it would be and the commute would have been ridiculous (up to 1.5 hours at 6AM - and I'm very much not a morning person.)  Never mind the wear and tear on my car.  Anyway, instead I've been washing windows.  It's been a very interesting job - much more involved than windex and paper towels, like I thought it would be.  We wear tool belts and use special forumulas and squeegees and razor blades, etc etc.  It's quite a production.  But I've seen tons of absolutely gorgeous houses since most people who hire professional window washers are pretty wealthy and have very nice homes.  That's been the biggest perk of the job.

I finally got a laptop.  Dragging the enormous desktop that I have back and forth between school and home has been a huge pain, and I'm never able to go anywhere like Starbucks to do work when I'm at school because I usually need my PC.  So my laptop came, and it was a bit of a DIY project, in that I installed the RAM and hard drive myself.  Then I installed windows, fired it up...and the left speaker went crazy.  It made a horrific staticy type noise for quite a while, despite reboots, and whether windows was running or not.  The noise stopped and a few hours later I realized that no sound comes out of the left speaker at all.  I'm pretty annoyed, because I'll probably have to send it back almost right after getting it.  Sigh.

On a better note, this Thursday I fly out to Minnesota to visit Alice.  Let's just say that these next 3.5 days of waiting cannot go by fast enough.  I can't wait to see her again.
