--- 
layout: post
title: EoSP
wordpress_id: 20
wordpress_url: http://www.sixfeetover.org/?p=19
---
It's the End of Summer Post (EoSP)!

Let's see.  I wrapped up my final day of window washing today; now I just have to wait till next Tuesday and I'll be heading back to Gordon, and picking up Alice along the way. Today was nice and relaxed, the boss had us clean his house (windows, walls, gutters, deck), so it was hours for the crew and a clean house for his family.  We had a company barbeque tonight too, that was fun.

I guess I've done a few things since I wrote last.  I went out to Minnesota to visit the lovely Alice for a few days in mid July.  It wasn't a super long visit but I was able to go for five days, which is more than we were really expecting for the weekend, so that was exciting.  It was of course a great experience - I got to meet some of Alice's friends, go to the Minnesota zoo, go swing dancing, and just have a generally really good time.  I also went camping with <a title="Theory37" href="http://www.theory37.com">Mike</a> and two of his friends from school, which was quite good.  We went out and did some "real" camping - no amenities were available.  We also did a ridiculous hike, almost literally running up the mountain, hiking to the top in an hour and a half, a hike which no doubt should have taken 45 minutes more than that.  Soulfest (music festival) was the following weekend, and that was also mostly good.  It was better than I had thought it would be, and in fact before I went I had almost no motivation to go at all.  But many of the bands performed swimmingly; Newsboys, Casting Crowns and Jars of Clay, to name a few.

The rest of my summer will consist of wrapping up all my loose ends here at home, cleaning up this disaster of a room and packing to head back to school and start work down there.  I'm excited to live in an apartment down there, although it will be the first time in my life where I've had to provide my own food and go grocery shopping for myself regularly - that will be interesting.  But I'm looking forward to going back.
