--- 
layout: post
title: What a Week
wordpress_id: 29
wordpress_url: http://www.sixfeetover.org/?p=29
---
These last two weeks have been, to put it lightly, intense.  To start things off, two weeks ago was the beginning of the midterm period, which actually has gone well grade wise so far, but it has been a lot of work keeping up.  That's nothing new though.  The big story is my car.  The week following midterms was spring break.  The Thursday of spring break I had my rear brake lines replaced.  The next day I was driving down to Amherst to visit <a title="Human?" href="http://www.theory37.com">Mike</a>, trying to beat the incoming blizzards.  I would have beat them, except just south of Keene (about 2.25 hours from my house), I'm driving along and I press down on my brakes to slow down for the car in front of me, which is about to turn off the road, and discover to my horror that my brakes don't response.  I ended up pushing the brake pedal all the way to the floor, yoinking the e-brake, and fishtailing followed by going off the road.  Miraculously, I didn't hit the van in front of me or the fence on the side of the road where I went off.  I tested my brakes at this point and they seemed to be functioning, so I extremely carefully and slowly drove to the first mechanic I found.  This happened to be located in Armpit, NH (Lat 42.766454, Long -72.389002).  There, I met with an unfriendly mechanic who wouldn't help me and a woman who made references to her recent imprisonment.  AAA had to tow me away (45 minutes later).  I came to discover the hard way that AAA basic only covers the first 5 miles of towing, and after that it is $3.00 per mile.  Thankfully I only had to be towed 12 miles.  The poor Mike drove up from Amherst through horrendous weather to rescue me, the refugee, and we went to his parents' house for the weekend.  It was a rather pleasant weekend actually, despite the car trouble - Mike's family was very good to me.  They found debris (inexplicable) in the braking mechanism, cleaned it out for cheap and I was on my way on Sunday.

Now, Tuesday night at about 10:30 I'm driving down Route 128 in Mass.  I start hearing this loud squeaking noise when I'm about 5 minutes away from Gordon, which quickly changes to the sound of metal on metal, which quickly changes to the sound of my engine failing as my RPMs drop to nothing and I coast to a stop on the side of the road.  Bam.  I'm getting towed again a couple days later.  This time, the oil plug fell out of my oil pan (inexplicable) while I was driving, and all the oil drained out, killing my motor.  So my car is toast.  I'm selling it for parts, or as a fix-me-up, to a shop on Monday for $80 less than it cost me to fix the brake lines a whole 5 days previous.

Oddly, I'm doing alright about this.  I don't have a car now, but it will work out.  And I look forward to having a new a better car in the nearish future, and I have no idea how to pay for it, but He always provides.  Somehow, it will work out.
