--- 
layout: post
title: Okay, okay
wordpress_id: 49
wordpress_url: http://www.sixfeetover.org/?p=49
---
So,<a href="http://www.theory37.com" title="I'm in ur blog...readin ur archives" target="_blank">Mike</a>eloquently pointed out to me that I've had a blog for nearly a decade. That's quite something. Of course, over those 10 years, I've posted less than some people post in a month or two, which is also quite something, but in a negative way. Not only that, but after decided to finally post yesterday, I was unable to access my site, and today as I wrote this, Verizon (internet by Satan, Inc.) decided to disconnect me again.When last we met, I had posted about my immentent EoB (End of Bacherlorhood). Our wedding was fantastic. It went exactly like we hoped it would. The only downside to the whole thing was that it was in 110% humidity, which makes wearing a tux a bit uncomfortable. Nate was able to be a groomsman, which was awesome. Mike was the best-best man-man one could hope for. And of course, my bride was the most beautiful bride that ever has been. I mean that in the most objective way possible.Our honeymoon was great, too. We went on a cruise in the Carribean, hung out with hurricaine Ike a bit (which resulted in us missing one stop, but getting some awesome thunderstorms), and caught up on tons of sleep.We've settled nicely in to our apartment, which is in a great location, right near routes 95, 1, and 62. We had a huge fiasco getting our second car, but that's all settled now and we're finally able to start going full force against the Evil Student Loan<a href="http://www.salliemae.com" title="You may have paid for my education, but I still don't like you.">Demon</a>.Alice is now working at Breuer with me as a project manager, which is great. We save lots on gas by driving together to work. It's been an interesting adjustment in some ways, because Alice used to get out of work a couple hours before me and was able to do wonderful things like getting groceries, which we now have to do at odd times because we usually work till 5:30-6:00 ish (sometimes til past 7:00, but that's rare).  It's definitely interesting for me to now be getting support tickets and programming projects assigned to me by my wife!Anyway, that's all for now. I'm actually home sick and working from home today (which is great that I can do that when needed!). Sorry Mike, no pictures this time. Maybe soon though!
